* west and central
1)doesnt get exposure as other areas in africa
2)Less Tourism
3)booming cities and nature parks
4)Comprised of over 20 countries and there are beaches,overlands,jungles and desert.
5)Shahara desert streches through Mauritania,Mali,Niger and Chad.
6)Grasslands called shahl
7)Into Savanah tropical forest streching from Senegal to the heart of africa in Democratic republic of Congo.
8)The countries are not so developed. The tourist attractions are also not developed.
9)There are political conflicts which brings travels to a hault.
10)There are also some warnings from the US state department about travelling in these regions.
11)In Odzala national park many animals can be seen. The large amount of minerals and abunden vegetation attracts alot of animals like 
forest elephants,sitatunga,wild hogs and rear low land gorillas.
12)Government and Non Governmental organization developed a tourist infrastructure in this region of
Odzala.
13)In Cost of Gabon ther is Loango park where members of local community within the park acts as ecoguides,
scientists and wardens.There are forest elephants,hippos,and whales at Gabon shores and alot of wildlife.
The Cost of Gabon culture stand out other countries in this region and here modern life is
influenced by its cultural heritage.
14)In Southern Mali centre there broad plateau and stunning clifs and is known as Bandiagara.
The cliffs shelter the people of Dogon and they are intensly spiritual. Dogon is also famous for its
artistry.
15)In Ghana ceremony both old and new are there. Coffins have different designs in Ghana.
16)In Togo and Benin Voodoo is integral part of the community.


*Eastern Africa
1)Most Popular places are Kenya and Tanzania.And tourists are also going to Uganda and Rwanda.
2)High season take place during the dry months from june through august and then from december to february.
3)There are leopars,lions,rhinos,elephants and african buffloes.
4)Million Zebras,wildebeest and gazelle crosses serengeti following the rain. The heard migrate from Serengeti national park to Maasai mara
national reserve in Kenya and then make the return trip.
5)Over 90thousand visitor comes to see this migration.
6)In the west of this region you can find rare gorillas. There are only 700 of these gorillas left on earth.
And half of them can be found in Bwindi National park in Uganda and aroun 120 lives in Parc National
Des Volcans in Rwanda. Strict rules are there to see these gorillas and it costs a lot. 
7)Continents tallest mountain Mt. Kilimanjaro is Tanzania. To climb it takes about a week.
8)Soda lakes which are Lake Bogoria,Lake Nakuru and Lake Magadi are there in Kenya.The salt water in
these lakes bubbles with steam and sulphur. Algae thrive in this region which attracts flamingos in
large amounts. Fresh water springs and lakes attracts other animals as well.
9)Ethiopia has rugged mountain which guarded africas oldest independent nation for thousands of years.
In the North city of Aksum holds ruin palaces. Religion has shaped Ethiopia.Ethiopian wolves that are
evolved to be solo hunters and gelada baboon can also be found in this region. Costal cities like Lamu,
Malindi,Mombasa and Zanzibar are home to beaches,coral reaves and a view into traditional way of life
that goes back centuries.English is widely spoken in tourist areas.

*Southern Africa
1)Most popular destination is South Africa. Drier months are the best time to visit.
South Africa has abundance of national parks and safari is most popular here. Savanah,deserts,forests,wetland and highland 
provide wider variety of animals. 
2) Best known parks in this region are Kruger National Park in South Africa,Etosha National park in
Namibia,Luangwa National Park in Zambia and Moremi Wildlife Reserves in  Botswana.
3)Okavango Delta is the largest inland delta which is in Botswana.
4)Namib Desert which is in Namibia is the oldest desert in the world. Animals are uniquely evolved in this region.
5)Victoria falls is in Zambezi River and is 355ft high.And is the largest waterfall in the world.
6)Africa's Indian Ocean Islands which are Comoros,The Seychelles, Mauritius, Réunion and Madagascar
All these Islands are tropical paradise.